Clarify system key usage for MCP extension endpoints (#127734)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-bindings-mcp.md

<sup>1</sup> Newer protocol versions deprecated the Server-Sent Events transport. Unless your client specifically requires it, you should use the Streamable HTTP transport instead.

> When hosted in Azure, the endpoints exposed by the extension also require the [system key](./function-keys-how-to.md) named `mcp_extension`. If it isn't provided in the `x-functions-key` HTTP header or in the `code` querystring parameter, your client receives a `401 Unauthorized` response. You can retrieve the key using any of the methods described in [Get your function access keys](./function-keys-how-to.md#get-your-function-access-keys). The following example shows how to get the key with the Azure CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When hosted in Azure, the endpoints exposed by the extension also require the [system key](./function-keys-how-to.md) named `mcp_extension`. If it isn't provided in the `x-functions-key` HTTP header or in the `code` query string parameter, your client receives a `401 Unauthorized` response. You can retrieve the key using any of the methods described in [Get your function access keys](./function-keys-how-to.md#get-your-function-access-keys). The following example shows how to get the key with the Azure CLI:
```
 Thanks for the additional clarification. Please accept my suggestion on the spelling.

Reviewer 2: @paolopia - Can you respond to the requested changes or let us know if you would like us to commit them?

@ggailey777  - When the changes are ready for publication, adding a `#sign-off` comment is the best way to signal that the PR is ready for the review team to merge. 

#label:"aq-pr-triaged"
@MicrosoftDocs/public-repo-pr-review-team
